what's up what's up guys how are you guys
well I'm a little strange because I
bought this laptop and I don't know how to use it
very well because a different system than the
usual objective but look I'm going to give
the ring okay in case I have to record
something this video is going to the
direct secondary channel things are more complicated
because of the connection issue okay
but I'll be uploading the extract that I
make here okay but we send a hug we
talked a long time ago and today
I'm going to talk to you about the press
because there are a lot of people who are
celebrating on twitter it's not like I have
twitter I have it blocked yet later we'll
talk about it there are a lot of people who are
celebrating on twitter in the
headlines no that says that the press is
giving incredible headlines today not
against Oliva's victory and that it was
vicarious violence what he did not
hug
but anyway progressives are like that the
worst they have many things in common in
the way they act for example they are
silencing censoring not in sight it's
on my twitter account that later I'm going
to upload another extract telling you what
happened because when uploading a TV he made a
very  interesting of what has
happened so let's go we'll see it
here I'm going to see it here with you but
the issue of censorship happens a lot I mean
the issue of censorship is one of the
main characteristics the issue of
reporting is it more appropriate not to report
videos and live shows en masse create hashtags
so that people don't see something that is going to be
broadcast no or boycott the brands no
that is also very very common no in the
progressive movement and one thing that I don't
understand because if you are clear that
one thing has been demonstrated with a lot of
arguments and with a lot of paper is no as they
say because they don't want the other side to
speak no because they want to censor no and one
thing that lately has been a lot
good in the traditional media no what
is the digital press this is so much for one
side or the other is because there are media
that are right-wing there are very few that there are
okay almost all the
digital media the left predominates but they
do it for both sides okay they
do it from one side and the other but it
is true that the progressive movement
uses this weapon a lot okay as
to pretend that one thing is
reality because it appears a lot in the press
no  what he does is very simple whatever he does is
[ __ ] and that's why
nowadays you have to be very tactful when it
comes to taking into account the media
and the press no matter how much his name
is Pepe or Manuel or if he has a
lot of fame today I understand ball
for you okay nowadays you
have to contrast the information you have to
verify it in various media no
luckily you have many options you have
many channels on youtube of people who
inform you better than your own than what the
media itself does not from the
press releases itself you don't have to contrast the
information better there are very good media
and digital press releases
okay we have the journalist
Marina Esnal you all know her we have
Albert Domènech he
pronounces it [ __ ] great we have
many journalists who are very good and
who write press releases but when you
have to know him and have confidence
in order to learn to know who to trust no
but it is very simple what is done okay
what is done when you want to create an
atmosphere not as if there were a truth
as if it were
an absolute truth as if it were a
reality an affirmation a confirmation
of  something no what he does is very simple he
calls four journalist colleagues you
tell them to publish press releases and
then they all retweet them all the people all
the progressives on twitter it is not very
easy to do that I don't know if you have a
colleague who works as an
editor not an intern although it was
said that I myself have been a victim on
more than one occasion if you search on google
you will find a lot of a lot
neither because I do not usually let myself be
stepped on for an hour better I usually let a
fly pass on my shoulder not at the
slightest I am suing yes it is true that
there are some prior to when
I knew what the right of
rectification is the right to rectification
is something that you can do even
without a lawyer go he sends a bureau fabra
certified letter to a
media outlet that is reporting
false or inaccurate news about you and enter into the
obligation to publish the rectification
and if they do not do it in a month but in
half two months trials and convictions
convictions okay because percent also
use a lot of the conviction not conviction
as if as if everyone
convicted of something were a criminal
no a conviction does not imply a  a crime a
sentence can be a sentence of costs
for example a sentence that you publish
something a sentence that publishes a
rectification those sentences do not imply
a crime not even an illicit it is
simply an imposition that the judge makes you it
is that he plays a lot with words with
the ignorance of the people that is why I
like to inform you well inside no
but well this is done a lot as I
myself have been a victim on many
occasions many no in some occasions
of false exaggerated headlines taken out
of context to attack me not to
try to undermine my image not to
discredit me not so that people
so that your neighbor on the fifth floor sees it,
who continues to see press releases from
today and believes that you have done something wrong no
but as I told you the moment I
learned about the right to rectification he did not
let me pass a fly here and that is what
should not be allowed no what is happening today
after Olga's victory no that we have
been commenting on it both on my
main channel in a live that I did
last night in case you want to see it in case you have not
seen it as on my new channel
teles to the ceo okay that is  my new
news channel in fact not only
creates a news channel ok to
inform you well and not like some
media do but soon I will bring you more
news but I'm not going to tell anything on the
same night of vacation and when
the stories return okay but
subscribe everyone to my
news channel telesur
but above all it's going to be news
related to television okay but there's going to
be everything all the news that I
feel like commenting on I'm going to comment on it
is very burned the fuchsia tide
progress movements the allies are
burned this you know that what
you see how things are
precisely a few days ago
as I was telling you I
saw a carrasquilla youtube this morning
who was deceiving his followers I don't know
if all this deception is due to ignorance or
because they really have I think it's
because they have the intention not
to manipulate the information at will to
mold a reality and lie
directly to mold the minds of the
people and that a reality is created that is what
they would like it to be and it is not
no
in this case I saw how they published their
defects  some pictures of Olga hugging
David Flores and he put high to the photos
of that was vicarious violence someone
reproached him and he answered no Antonio
Davino Antonio Sabino has been
innocent justice has not spoken no
wait excuse me excuse me but this morning I was
wrong finding myself justice has
spoken but has not said yes or
no justice has dismissed it that
means that me yes my was not is
applying to his followers that
dismissed that a dismissed case
meant neither yes nor no basically I felt like
working that day what
my boyfriend says make a decision neither yes nor no
surprise
valero of water and dismissed it is it is it is not it is not there is no there is no
case there is no
case that there are no indications okay there are no
indications that the evidence provided
is not sufficient okay if we are
talking well if you also tell me that it has
gone through a judge who has dismissed it
once not many many occasions the
cases closed are dismissed in the
first instance no but then when
appealing yes there are cases no yes there is a
process but we are talking
of an envelope followed that has
attempted to be
opened I
can't remember many but I think
two or three times I think it has been two or
three times okay and they have rejected all of them
all the previously estimated okay
one of them was the suicide attempt it is
not a dismissal that it is the
first time well no no it is not that it has been
attempted to reopen many times it is that it has
gone through seven judges and
those judges have seen then and two thousand
two thousand five hundred pages because each
time it says a number but they have
seen all the reports in full not the
bits that we have seen in the
documentary then justice has
said no how the [ __ ] the last time and
it is not that in truth really and
look at you what what what I was going
with this point although I get tangled up what I was
going with this point is that these people
use justice according to their
convenience in the results of
justice sometimes it is worth it other
times it is not worth it a summer night' they
have been four months and I feel that
dismissed is not acquitted that dismissed
is not innocent what it was that well that now
the wait remains and that the judge has
told him  to rosito that at the moment that I
have another little thing than the vision but we have
been taking out for a few days
because they have dismissed a case of what I say
is so as not to be mistaken
a case against podemos that dealt with
alleged extra salaries
the green box podemos called it no well
this case has been dismissed and it is
so much the power you are on twitter puffing out
your chest let's see about followed then some mentions okay again of it is not worth it okay they are wonderful I love them because they are wonderful for these things they want to censor not because they have this type of argument and these types of contradictions and these types of they can be given they stick your face in
facts look there is an account on twitter
called mejores sacas okay look for it
in wonderful rubén sanchez is one of
the daily protagonists of that account
and with good reason whether the sun is showing or not
and they complain because he says that the
account is very fascist because they only give it
out to the left
according to vice only god when it came out and it is
for a reason not because the account is fascist
but anyway
the subject of the video the subject of the video
begins  at minute 10 very strong the
subject of the video is that today they were
flooding twitter with screenshots of
headlines now you will see headlines in which
the press did not confirm and affirmed
that what happened last night was vicarious violence
screenshots I'm going to show you
some tweets if you leave they will call you or
wait a second I say wait a
second as if we had a live there were
events recorded but it's that he doesn't
see it edited you know he's on vacation
[Applause]
look he
says you ca
n't cover the sun with a single
finger this screenshot was just sent to me
okay you can't cover the sun with a
single finger that's how the digital ones are no
then I like to check the
information I don't eat gone to the digital ones
okay I went to the digital ones woe is
me
well I can't see myself don't allow me I'm
recording will put a laptop I don't have
two screens I haven't measured myself I measured the
digital ones and I can see the headlines it doesn't
say the end of survivors 2001
Olga Moreno wins amidst screams of rigged
imposing parenthesis and there is evidence okay
and it turns out that the evidence is how
good that basically  sometimes they didn't
accept the votes but the
blue tide was complaining about this and there are
thousands of screenshots on twitter just like
trying to vote for Olga María Palmero
María Palmero the gala was quite
boring well this is an
opinion article okay immigration look here
this survivor is that they are
publishing it as press releases as
true news okay it is not
news if you want look this is the blog
of the locked cat' that the
locked cat' well if you follow him on twitter
the typical carrasquilla sack okay
to the point that he was one of the lynxes
that laughed at the empty boxes
of Antonio Davino who was already
explaining this issue of clothing then
we have here
[Music]
this of the world that many people have
put it like look look what the
world says the diary of the world is not an
opinion article it is a blog it
is also a blog okay the worst a means of
communication how the hell are you going here this
guy in Haiti there are no media
but there I only withdraw okay but it is an
opinion article okay it is a blog be
anyone who has a  a little colleague at the
press asks hey listen write me
a little article no and it's an
opinion piece written by this woman who is well
progressive to the max balear look is
captured some little gems that she has posted
on her twitter it's
no use having the truth if
nobody listens to you devastating phrase from
Rocío Carrasco in episode 8 the
most terrible chapter terrible but the
most terrifying the most
anguishing chapter Rocío Carrasco opened the
doors of true hell no no no
and no what survivor did last night
was get rid of the best evidence she has
what survivor did last night was
deceive the audience with a scam that is going to be
hard to forget
Rocío Carrasco has related everything she
could relate she only had to tell
because she has no relationship with David
Flores
in episode 10 she returned to the firing squad to the
most absolute perversion why she doesn't see
her son the reason for the greatest
evil not everything everything very objective
justice the last and only corporal that the one that
oxid Carrasco grabbed and grabs on to
yes well then he has  dismissed
everything
Esther Mucientes tell it all does not
firmly believe in her believes that it is will do
justice in the hope of a Rocío
more dejected than ever Rocío Carrasco
continues to pay a price too high
well in short they are an area in the text of
justice has not even tried to
reopen the case has passed when a
certain documentary has passed two months
at the moment that is known has not tried to
reopen the case gal seven
survivor is at the limit at the limit
of everything the state of the survivors
is lamentable you can not take it anymore
Olga Moreno cried again
mounted the drama again is already tiring and these are the
articles that this woman writes no
well I have more I have more here one more
that says the documentary ended last week
the rollito but the
final touch was left the beginning of the end was left
Rocío Carrasco let the phoenix
that she has tattooed be reborn this is not over
this has begun we
see the foot limp but I tell them it is
an opinion article that is the same as
I can give supporting this woman can
give hers the 20 minute one I'm going to
that part east of the  Spanish goes to this
newspaper I sued him and he had to
delete articles okay he deleted
articles and deleted everything okay when I
sued them well they published something that
someone commissioned obviously leave that link
in the description of that about that video
they published something that someone commissioned that
I know where it comes from
those who always the same as always
those who always commission things to the
press
and delete it with them [ __ ] themselves
they deleted everything from everywhere
when I sued them and well this is an
opinion article but then
here's
another one that is not an opinion okay it's a whole article that is not an opinion and they noticed how the article is vicarious violence in prime time telecinco sticks out his chest from the hug between Rocío Carrasco's son and Olga Moreno both in this article and these two of
20 minutes one thing catches my attention
okay criticism of 35 for perpetrating
vicarious violence against Rocío Carrasco
this article is based this
funny article because as soon as I realize a
[ __ ] [ __ ] is based more than anything on
tweets the tweet of celo pan what will
you tell me  celo pankin damn it's to give
moral lessons to no one it happens on
a youtube that on one occasion the
youtuber problem they always have to
put the tagline don't
pay for it a youtube that acts as very ally and
very progressive and on one occasion it asked its
followers to send them testimony no
and he took and took advantage of the testimony that
a follower sent him who said that
he had been abused at 10 years old and he
used it to make a clip bay and put
a thumbnail and a title as if he
had lived it he is
you to give moral lessons to
anyone
and here there are a couple of stress that
caught my attention a lot that
many times people are very expensive with
telecinco or rather the same channel these
people who have been applauding and putting
on an altar the work that was being done
so angry now because olga has won
you have a very bad loser and now they are
saying that they should pay and that antena3 go
today he has passed here he has become very
big and if he moves a mouse I
don't know if you see the cursor becomes super
big so that  computer specialist there
was one that particularly caught my
attention okay this one this one let's have a bit of room
for the account of the nonsense that he says
okay he says at this moment you can
clearly see how he pushes Rocío
Carrasco's son to get on camera there
really isn't any push there's a
moment of hug everyone is
literally colliding so that the bamboo with the
camera forward and then there's one here in
the part of all the nonsense that they are
putting but look at this one it's not if it's
here in quotes as if it were as if he
said it verbatim David Fórez says I
hope I haven't forgotten anything
okay and he literally doesn't say that in the
clip he
literally doesn't say it in the weather
obviously
and
because he already quotes this phrase but
this phrase doesn't appear in the video it's because
literally this kid didn't know that they
were recording him how is he going to have a
phrase prepared if he's not
realizing when they put the microphone on him and
when the cameraman focused on him since
Carlos Sobera took advantage of the opportunity
to take the microphone post and because
Telecinco like that or rather it's that I've already
said that Telecinco doesn't care it's
[ __ ] but neither  women nor the lg
and they don't care it's [ __ ]
the audience cares this is a business if I'm
interested in acting like a feminist but I
am a feminist and today I'm interested in
supporting the most fascist I come across to
support winning more fascists they come across
no but well what I'm doing with the
20 minutes thing is that it catches my
attention because these are
headlines okay facts they are not opinions just
like the Spanish one and they are not
signed okay normally they have to
be signed by the journalist who
wrote that press release to demand
accountability no
again the same thing saying that there was a fix
because at times at times
no one was allowed to give their opinions and this one
is directly saying that there has
been vicarious violence okay this
would directly be slander because
for violence to exist what they call
vicarious violence no I don't know if that
is registered in the penal code or the
civil code okay I think that I think it's
a little word I don't know to correct myself
if I'm wrong but I think it's a
word that is not included in any
penal code
for this to exist what  They call it
vicarious violence Antonio and he would have to
be an abuser and he isn't okay seven
judges have said that there is no case therefore
this apart from being slander
if I were Antonio David okay well I haven't
spoken to him about the workshop he wouldn't
whistle but I imagine that if he saw it he
would
and pass it on okay well we send a
letter of rectification to the Spanish and
now like he did with me delete delete it [ __ ]
milk delete it [ __ ] milk
okay also in this article it
states that Olga won by cheating and
all that paraphernalia well it's not true
sincerely it's not true and there is no
vicarious violence and Olga won by
cheating what's going on let's change the
screen
and I hope that our headlights that
chrome now yes
hate comes out it's not going away I get involved in
these strange things
[Music]
guys what I'm doing with
tweezers everything you see in the press with
tweezers with tweezers always counts and I'll
see you in your time to upload another
deal that I'm going to leave  to dinner with the
family a hug I love you so much
I'm missing you so much
[Music]